# 2023.12.3 - is this thing on?
Maybe once or twice per year, I go through the routine of updating my static personal site. Typically, as was the case this time around, the team I'm working on has since changed and I want to make sure that what I'm putting out there on the internet reflects that. After all, I hadn't worked on the K60 team here at Klaviyo since last year (2022), and it's a bit tedious to have to explain to recruiters or other folks who visit my personal site that I work on a completely different team now. 

As it turns out, people actually look at this thing, limited as the information on here is. When I originally re-did my personal site (my original one is over at http://austincbrown.com), I didn't put as much time as I did into the original. No real reason for it, I just figured I'd host my resume there, as well as a few different ways to get in contact, and that should be enough. As I've started to think about things that I want to begin doing in the new year, though (I'm not a fan of resolutions, but I do think there's an argument to be made to use the new year to start/stop habits), I thought that writing my thoughts down more often might be a good practice to fall back into.

And so, what better way to add a bit more content to my personal website than to start journaling here on some regular cadence? I wouldn't go so far as to say it will be a blog, nor will there likely be many, if any, tech-related topics. Maybe here or there as I learn something new, but I'm hesitant to set that expectation because I know I'll end up disappointing myself and anyone who comes here expecting a tech blog post every week or month.

Is this thing on? I think so. For now, I'll probably just start with rendering some markdown files into my very basic Preact [app](https://github.com/brownac/acb.gg). Who knows, maybe in the future I'll build a more complex blogging app like I did [before](https://github.com/brownac/austinBlog), back when MeteorJS was all the rage. If I do, I'll be sure to write about it here :)
