# 2023.12.23 - on alcohol
I recently got back from a yearly trip to EPCOT with my friends from college. It's something I look forward to every year -- since we're all spread out after graduation, it's nice to be able to come together once or twice per year and have some fun. As someone who has been going to Disney World since before they could remember, I've seen the parks change a lot. Increased demand has made the crowds worse, and everything much more expensive in general. Another thing I've observed is how your experience as a park-goer changes as you get older. When you're young, everything is new and exciting, and the highlight of your day is getting to meet a character you like or ride your favorite rollercoaster. When you get older, it's drinking around the world (specifically for EPCOT, anyway).

I've never been much into drinking. I don't really like how alcohol makes me feel, and it can be a particularly expensive habit, bad for your health etc. One thing I've truly never understood, however, is drinking culture. The idea that a person or group of people use alcohol as a social "lubricant" to make social settings more enjoyable is pretty ludicrous to me. I fully acknowledge that there are cultural contexts in which drinking is encouraged or even mandatory, but for most of my life I've only ever seen the negatives of consuming alcohol socially.

It's widely understood that pretty much anything is fine in moderation, but that almost always seems to break down where booze is concerned. I see this happen every year that I make the trip down to Orlando with my friends, whom I love dearly, but can be a real pain in the rear when they drink too much. As the one who drinks hardly at all, I feel a pressure to ensure that the group doesn't break down as the day drags on. And naturally, there's always at least one person who drinks way too much and needs babysitting to ensure they get home in one piece. What's worse, I always feel a pressure to at least consume some alcohol to feel included or in touch with the "vibe", and I pretty much always regret it. It certainly doesn't help that I/we are drinking at Disney World, where the price of everything is wildly inflated, and a single weak cocktail can run you as much as $20. Why should I spend exorbitant amounts of money to consume a substance that is objectively bad for you just to feel included? To me, this is the crux of my issue with drinking culture in general.

So, with 2024 around the corner, I'm committing myself to not consume a single drop of alcohol. I don't think it will be that hard for me, as I've never had a problem with the stuff and I'll be more than happy to give it up entirely. Where I do see a potential challenge is finding a community of people who hold the same values and are willing to find ways to have fun without alcohol getting in the mix. It seems like people who are staunchly sober and refuse to drink, even socially, are hard to come by. But I'm up for the challenge anyway. Cheers to a sober 2024!